Fixing false time stamp parsing in xcube gen (#208)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

  metadata. (#141) 

### Fixes

> - time stamps are now parsed correcly into cube from input data(#207)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `xcube gen` now parses time stamps correcly from input data. (#207)
```

> - `.levels` can be stored in obs and are usable with `xcube serve` (#179)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dataset multi-resolution pyramids (`*.levels` directories) can be stored in cloud object storage and are now usable with `xcube serve` (#179)
```
